What's up, people?
bruno cabral who cindy and bringing to
You are more like a video, how are you?
can see the title the theme but the
bright 3d
only it is neither his name nor a
tutorial is a video in which you are
talking to you because the singer
wanted to take some action within the
tutorials on 3d videos and with you are
the people that I wanted to help you
are following the lessons are the most
interested in this I would very much like to
know your opinion because so I
can take my actions so
law are two very simple things and nothing
quite the contrary I think it will help
and you will help me're also good
so the first time to talk with
You are the fact you are thinking of doing.
small videos of some ask to be able to
explain to you the two that you
They will have more applicants in the
videos because I try to respond to them
during tutorials only or are
very small things that can collapse
would it be to make a video of
23 minutes and is answered doubt and
Other things turn out to be a movie.
It gets much more extensive video tutorial
ends up getting much bigger because of it too
to try to answer a certain doubt
So you know that if you
support the idea of going back doing so
videos as you are not adult
knew from 23 45 23 minutes at the most
very short videos at most
short videos answer only one
doubt and I wanted to know the opinion of
Do you guys agree with that?
have some doubts prepared as per
example put is the physics in the trees
that you place when you create a
many people asking this and now
figured out we're doing this.
cool is another doubt is also how
make it rain at night
it is a doubt trying to find an answer and
I thinking that you will bring
you
But there are some that I'm not very
able to respond as for example has
a guy asked how to make rivers and
oceans
dude, this is a bit complicated because
involves modeling if you know I'm not
very good from there but depending on I can
have like this account
partners and where you know how to do is
I do
during a video in 3d one of these drops and
I'm going to do it, I'll tell the guy the video.
if you want to know how to make a river
so that person made a video I'm going
leave the link for you can access the
jewel that I could not do or
really asking for help from you is
important also in these videos I will
ask your help about things
which I could not answer if I could
make available help make available
also the black channel announcing the
video of this person joana and also
make a friend a little of my
Time more so, what are you doing?
This type of video for you chooses which
me too but will focus precisely on the
life of several people fast you
they will solve it here, they will be able to participate
you play quietly and these
questions when answering a separate project
it's not going to be our
their game on that side of the
tutorials that I will not touch the
to be able to make these little groups
I'll create a new project, I'll leave it
all set to ride just to respond to
doubts
so why do you want to know the opinion of
You like the video format the
dark is going to help or not is mine
first question and the second question
want to do you in relation to new
unite versions because it is in the process of
out version 4 during a stay
beta version
I recently had some people.
asking if I 'm going to update if
I will continue the project in the same version
I'm if I'm not mistaken all
using version 3.5 2 and already has the version
3 with 54 or something like
already released and so far does not update I
I do not really like to authorize a project.
while tinkering with it right then my
The idea is to pass the oe of 4 after
to achieve this is to delay the
less than two months to think about
start switching to it because you already have
a lot of stuff done the night of this version
3.5 2 and it may be that we move to
the new version
ends up giving several bugs and several things
can work and I do not want this
I want to finish the reasoning with you.
then Czech
in action the woman does anything
that is a new project
so my idea is not this but I
I also want to know your opinion
Do you mind keeping the version
old g20 or if you want to rock
last new version of ours I'll wait
anyway it 's to wait at least
two months to think about changing if you
want to change a lot the last time
people start a new project
regardless of the matter that I will
until you stop to be able to avoid both
happened in cash happened to the
move from one version to another but there
It will also depend on what you and
I'm here to play and I'm here to
Try to pass a little higher.
knowledge for you and I need
If you have this opinion you will not be able to
a better way with the channel is to follow
from now on a seventh of everything
planned to have no surprises
the front is a fun and everything the
people made people lose ends
disturbing you because you are going
also change the version
Let's load the scripts and it will not go any further.
To run then, I do not want to.
I do not want to do with you with 12 heads
the idea of ​​learning now and I will have
tries to put the version of the
state.as 13 with 52 for download for
you leave the videos straight
because you easier case some of
you a lot of fun and want to go back to
Olympic Games you can save up to 200
Patients can live perfectly well
same tablet computer, I only know that you
were in classes in separate folders in the
installation time
Felipe continued, you want a
new piece is at the limit in that new
folder and twice can live together
well my pc has version 2.6
and version 3.5 2 that's gone for you
so it's something that you'd like
You guys think and answer me here.
in the video comments
this video in case and so help
rather the first in relation to
trot in stadiums three times you
whether they like the idea or not.
Can you help me? I have some questions.
if you want to pass the video to
to be able to answer certain questions I
support you this too and the other thing
in relation to the new versions of imt 3d if
do you want to update it or not?
maintains the project
We work well, that's all.
I just wanted this video to be able to
clarify this with you ask the
River face for you and I'll finish one.
video here is the answer was this
What else did you guys support?
same
I was furious